a. The first number is simply the number of lines in the file while the second is the number of lines that 
contain the word "FOOD" somewhere on the line. Not every line in Food.csv has the word "FOOD" because
some descriptions in the file contain line breaks. One food can span multiple lines and whereas each
food has only one instance of "public_id:FOOD". This causes fewer lines to contain "FOOD" than lines
in the file total. In C, the presence of these extra line breaks in descriptions between quotations
causes the script to read that part of the column as different lines and count some blank or odd 
looking lines as the output. 

b. Both D and E match with the python script output, however, the order the results are listed is different.
For example, D output line 1 in my script is:
    169 Aquatic foods
vs from the python script:
Aquatic foods       169
so the syntax of the output has changed. 
Deleting quoted text also removed the line breaks that were causing issues when counting lines.

c. B counts each line that contains the word "gene" at all first then counts lines where the third column
is exactly "gene", a major limiting distinction between the two because essentially all lines have the 
word "gene" somewhere on the line as they have many sections. 
C takes the third field in the ninth column and counts each unique instance disregarding the information in quotes. 
Searching for text or counting positions fails in column 9 because it is split into fields that are separated
by semicolons, spaces, and contains words in quotations. 
D finds lines where no gene name is present at first and then finds the opposite count by adding -n p. 
Not all gene lines contain a gene name, so the script will print the whole line unedited when no gene name is 
found, and will print only the gene name when it is found. Both numbers in gtf_results.txt part D match
those in pandas_results.txt - 552 without gene names and 582 with gene names that corresponds to lines 
converted by sed and lines converted by sed -n p, respectively.

d. The count using grep -o matches the numbers in pandas_result.txt if you add them all together. 
The other misses because sed only captures the first tag value per line, so it misses any tag values
that proceeded another on the same line, leading to a lower number comparatively. grep -o on the other 
hand prints each occurance on its own line, getting a full count.